all my friends hey it's me Destin I'm at
the ordnance museum let's go learn
something I'm just kidding
this is a Russian tank a t-34 hey this
is the first tank or actually the first
vehicle to be called tank this is the
mark for the British made this in 1917
this is the female version we just had
the machine guns on the side the male
version had cannons out the side anyway
the reason it was first called a tank is
because the British tried to hide the
fact from the Germans that they had an
armored vehicle to go against the
transport pair that was going on World
War one anyway they called it a tank to
make the Germans think that it was a
mobile water tank they were using to
supply the troops out front
that's why we call armored vehicles
tanks today or at least least some of
them there now you know gutentag so back
before armored glass existed they did
something pretty interesting to protect
against bullets in armored vehicles here
you can see on an Italian tank they had
a slit and that's what the the driver
and would look through also on the sides
there's little holes for guys to stick
their weapon out of this is a really
really tiny armoured vehicle I'll go
show you that slit on another vehicle
over here okay this is a German vehicle
and you can see it had the same this was
early turn-of-the-century stuff you can
see that's where these guys could see
this armored block was moved
this is 1937 I was wrong not the turn of
century pretty awesome captured in Korea
my granddaddy helped do this yeah god
bless america
stay stationary as a body I can move his
body and pretty much any trick